Awesome.
Before we start working hard on our project why don't we take a look at the amazing snippets the iMac
provides to speed up our workflow.
Because at the moment we have been using only one thing which is basically to generate the tax.
Reached him tax.
Well if any of you have missed that we have been using them at all along.
Or maybe you are not using the visual studio code.
If we're gonna head over again to the browser and if I'm gonna type Emmet if you don't have the.
Meaning if you're not using the visual studio code because if you are using Visual Studio code this
is gonna be built in right there in a visual studio code.
However if you're not you can go always here to their documentation and download and add it to your
actual text that not there is probably also gonna be an option for you to use some kind of extension
that might be another out that you would want to use.
And if you'd want to I don't know.
Explore more Emmet snippets that we're gonna be working on and you can head over to their documentation.
And like I said in general we have been using only one Emmett suggestion where we are just getting our
tags meaning as we're working with a CSX.
They were also giving real suggestions and as a side note if you'd ever want to get the suggestion so
let's say I'm gonna type a dot type something so this would be my class but then I press the spacebar
and I would still want to get the m a suggestion in the CSX is gonna work exactly the same way.
If you're gonna press control and spacebar you're gonna get a suggestion.
Like I said already before the only thing we're gonna make have been covering so far has been creating
tags where we just press whatever name of the tag and we are creating a war as we're working with them
and we have far more options than that.
Now what would be the first one.
Well let's say that there's going to be a heading however this heading one is gonna have right away
a class.
So how will you do that.
Well enamored we just need to type dot.
And now we can start adding the classes.
So let's say here I'm gonna say main on this would be the main class.
And you know what.
If you think that you'll need more classes you just need to keep typing that.
And the class name so let's say secondary then whatever big.
And then something else.
So what you're gonna have at the end is a heading one with all these three classes.
So far so good.
Now we also have an option of working with ideas the same way so I can say here having one.
And again we will do the same thing.
And then the hash tag and then I devalue again we can use the same one and we're gonna be getting the
heading One with ideas of Main.
As you already saw it before with the classes and with an I.D. we can put together and obviously we
can combine them.
So if there's gonna be heading three that's gonna have the idea of third class of third can write something
like this and we're gonna be getting our heading three.
We had some kind of text and this is something that you're gonna see me a lot doing throughout the project
where I'm just gonna come up with let's say some kind of name so this is gonna be our NAV bar.
I'm sorry that's not going to be a simple tag but let's say we're gonna be typing header now the header
would have some kind of class so let's say there's gonna be a header and if you'd want to add another
class I don't know main or something like this then we're just getting in the header and this is tremendously
again speed up your workflow where you're gonna find it really annoying typing uranium all tags and
then later on going and adding classes already so far so good.
So what else we're having.
Well we can create right away divs we can I.D. And we as a class as well.
Now we already know that we can just type the element and then whatever.
However with this we have a little bit faster way.
So we know that there's gonna be data we can just type whatever we're all going to be adding what is
this.
So this case let's say that there's gonna be a div with an idea of box and then with the classes of
box number one box number two and so on so forth.
What I'm having right away is the div and I have right away the I.D. as well as the classes.
Mark what else we have.
Well we can create children within now.
So let's say I'm going to be looking for a div that will gonna have the list item within the.
On our list so I can say like this.
And then if we use the angle bracket that means that now we're gonna be creating children and we're
not limited to on our list or lists and I'm just using this as an example.
So I can say you know what.
There's gonna be a on her list with a list item.
How are your question would be.
Well usually when we create on our lists we create multiple elements.
Don't worry I got you covered.
So again we can do the same thing where we say dev on a list and list item and let's come up with our
list items 1 1 1 5.
We can just and here this multiplication and just say five.
So this is gonna create five of them.
And right away we have the div on her list and whatever list items we wanted or while we can also place
a text within the element.
So let's say all gonna have some kind of paragraph and within the paragraph we're gonna write some creative
texts or some text.
Now the syntax would be these curly braces and the moment.
Again we're just gonna get a suggestion and and we having the paragraph with the text inside of some
text as well as we can combine whatever we having here.
Let's say if he would want to create multiple items we can say like this one would say on our list then
within the list there is going to be left list items and we're gonna multiply let's say by six.
So I can say something like this.
However within each and every item we can place that number there.
So for this we're gonna have to use the dollar sign like this.
Now the moment we were gonna be looking at a notice by the way right away we can look at the info of
what we're going to be getting anyway.
So that's something really neat with my suggestions where you can expand it and you can see what is
gonna be a result to begin with.
So let's say here again as you see I lost my suggestions.
However no worries.
Just pressing control and spacebar I can get the mark and then either typing return or the tab I'm gonna
be getting the values from 1 to 6.
So this would be the General Snippet syntax with animate that will tremendously is going to speed up
our workflow.